VerteX rebranded (#1376)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-vertex/03-fips-status-icons.md

---
title: "FIPS-status Icons"
metaTitle: "FIPS-Status Icons"
metaDescription: "TBD."
icon: ""
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';

# Overview

> Although Palette VerteX is FIPS-compliant, it provides the capability to use some features that are not FIPS-compliant. For example, when the **Allow non-FIPS cluster import** option is enabled, it allows users to import any type of Kubernetes cluster, including some that are not FIPS-compliant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Palette VerteX brings FIPS 140-2 cryptographic modules to the Palette management platform and deployed clusters, it provides the capability to consume features that are not FIPS-compliant. For example, when the **Allow non-FIPS cluster import** option is enabled, it allows users to import any type of Kubernetes cluster, including some that are not FIPS-compliant. 
```
